# Individual Capstone Assessment
## Introduction to Project
This semester we will be working on a project to make enhancements to a company’s workflow to better serve customers and to be more efficient. I will be using tools that I have learned throughout our academic career to work on this project. For example, we will develop solutions using coding skills we have learned through our courses. We will also be learning how to implement these skills closer to how we will have to use them in our career. This will be a great chance to practice how coding works in real world projects. 
## College Curriculum
This will require us to use a lot of our knowledge learned from previous courses like Requirements Engineering, Software Engineering, and other coding courses. We will have to gather requirements using skills learned from Requirements Engineering. We will have to use software testing and project management skills we developed in our Software Engineering Course. Lastly, we will use communication skills that we have developed in our PD2050 course to professionally communicate with our advisor as well as other members of the team for the duration of this project. We will also need to use our development skills that we have refined over the course of our degree. All these classes have added skills that we will utilize in our project.
## Co-op Experiences
Throughout my college years I have got to experience three Co-op rotations that have let me refine the skills used in this project. I have been able to gather requirements at all three of my rotations. This skill is something that I learned first during co-ops and have learned to love. I have a lot of experience doing this in a work environment which will prove to be helpful on this project. I also have been able to gain experience in an agile group as well as doing project management. During one of my rotations, I got the opportunity to problem solve unique solutions which we will need to do a lot of during this project. Through all these different experiences, I expect to be well prepared to work on this project successfully. 
## Motivation
I hope to be able to learn while also being able to create a solution that will be used by a company as well. I will get to learn how to use a lot of different technical solutions to implement different business needs. I will also get to further refine my ability to understand business needs while talking to different members of the team. Our preliminary approach to coming up with a solution to the problem is through an agile team implementing small improvements. We will essentially be doing multiple smaller projects throughout the semester with each of these projects helping meet a business need. Through implementing these business needs we will be able to learn a lot throughout the semester.  
I expect by the end of the semester to be able to improve the operation of the company. I plan to have a system in place that can automate billing to the customer, better storage of customer data, as well as better reports to truly show how the company is doing year over year. For billing to the customer, we currently must wait for a team member to process the contract and manually send out the bill. Our solution will be able to automate this process so it can be done instantaneously for the customer. We also can improve data storage, reporting financials, sales, and other information better than it is currently done. We will be able to self-evaluate from feedback from members of the company as well as how much gets implemented by the end of the project. 