# Individual Capstone Assessment
## Introduction to Project
During this project, we will work to improve the current systems put in place of a company (Superior Marine Group) to better enhance their production. Currently, this company is inefficiently operating in some weekly tasks and workflows. We have identified areas in the current company’s system that are outdated and could use enhancements including their accounting, document management and communication. In order to improve these systems, we will be using tools like QuickBooks, Docusign, excel and python. In order to be successful, we will have to work together to effectively solve problems that may arise along the way. We will need to use the skills we have gathered from our class curriculum, as well as our co-op experiences in order to deliver a successful product to Superior Marine Group.
## College Curriculum
As mentioned above, we will need to use python in order to deliver a quality product. One of the classes that helped prepare us for this was CS 2021, Python Programming. This course gave us an introductory, as well as a deeper understanding into programming with python, which will be necessary for this project and future projects as well. Another class that is worth mentioning is CS 2028C, Data Structures. The amount of information we learned in this class was unparalleled to any other classes I took at the University in terms of programming. The amount of work and concepts that we learned in this class will definitely drive this project forward. I am also currently taking a class now, CS 5127 Requirements Engineering, that will be useful for laying out a project design and establishing exactly what we need to accomplish.
## Co-op Experiences
My first two co-op experiences were with Siemens, where I acted as a system administrator. In this position, I was able to really develop my communication skills; not only when I was working with my team, but also when I was talking to customers about issues that they were facing. I was able to communicate with people in order to effectively solve problems. I think this is a major take-away from my time at Siemens that will help me communicate effectively for this project. My third and final co-op was with Fifth Third Bank as a part of their IT Leadership Program. I was able to attend a lot of leadership seminars and workshops, which I feel developed my leadership capabilities. I think this will also be relevant in this project to be able to effectively work together with not only my teammate, but the company as well. Lastly, both of my co-op experiences required me to adapt and learn new tools quickly, which will be important in this project as well because I will be learning and using new software I have not used before.
## Motivation
One of the reasons I am motivated to participate in this project is because I am going to be learning something new. I will be working with software that I haven’t worked with before and directly communicating with a company. Although it is a project, it is also a real-life work example. I will be able to identify a company’s needs and provide a solution based on their problem. My main motivation for participating in this project is that once a solution is delivered, it will still be used after the project is over. The work that is put into improving this company’s systems will still be used by the company years after. It will also be useful for the company and make a difference in the employee’s lives that work for the company, which I think is very rewarding.

By the end of the semester, we want to deliver an improved product to the company from what they currently have. We plan to automate some of their current business processes including customer data storage and billing. We also want to try to automate business reports to show the progress being made by the company from year-to-year. Currently, the company does a lot of processes manually that take up a lot of unnecessary time in the work week. By the end of the project, we plan to automate as many of these manual processes as we can, which will greatly improve company production. We will be able to evaluate our work based on the time saved. We will take feedback from the company members as well on other changes needed and rely on them to report out a finished project.  
