# Question Counters Team Contract
## Team Members:
- Daniel Hosford: Phone- (937) 818 - 0052 | Email - Hosfordj@mail.uc.edu
- Reece Strohm: Phone - (614) 558 - 5773 | Email - Strohmrr@mail.uc.edu
## Team Meeting Plans:
	For our project we are planning on having a meeting once a week that is scheduled for an hour. Before coming to this meeting all team members are responsible for looking over the assignment prompt for the next week as well as coming in with the action items assigned in the previous week completed. With these prerequisites complete an hour should give us plenty of time to review each other’s work as well as plan out for the week ahead. We will try to model this like a “scum” meeting where we can review all progress made the previous week and assign action items out so we have enough work to work on for the next week. We will also spend some time each week updating an overall progress of the project to make sure we are staying on track in what needs to be accomplished. 
## Project Focus:
	Our project focus is to help enhance a company’s systems that are currently in place. The current systems that we use to do accounting, document management, and communicating we believe can be improved through software enhancements. We will gain experience using Docusign, QuickBooks, python, and excel. We will work to improve speed of communication with customers signing contracts. We will go through requirements gathering, project planning, development, testing and implementation of the improvements throughout the two semesters. We will automate some reports that we are currently manually generating through QuickBooks. We are planning on implementing an Agile workflow for the semester in order to accomplish all of the enhancements throughout the project.  
## Team member roles:
	We plan on our roles being evenly split between the two of us collaborating on as much as possible to ensure that nothing is overlooked and that all requirements are met. Daniel will be more responsible for gathering requirements as he is familiar with how the company currently operates and the benefits to the company from the proposed enhancements. Reece will be eliciting potential issues he sees arising with the requirements that are gathered. Reece will also be doing more development as Daniel will spend more time communicating with team members about what will be required. We will be creating test plans and running through them each time the other person develops a solution. This will help ensure that our developed product meats the minimum requirements of the project.